Add "modules at a glance" table (#345)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: README.md

└── scratch
```

### Documenting Your Analysis

A goal of the OpenPBTA project is to create a collection of workflows that are commonly used for atlas papers.
As such, documenting your analytical code via comments and including information summarizing the purpose of your analysis is important.

When you file the first pull request creating a new analysis module, add your module to the [Modules At A Glance table](analyses#modules-at-a-glance).
This table contains fields for the directory name, what input files are required, a short description, and any files that you expect other analyses will rely on.

> This item is included in the pull request reproducibility checklist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your analysis develops and input and output files change, please check this table remains up to date. 
This step is included in the pull request reproducibility checklist.
```
